capital = 52

oob = "GER_2000"

set_research_slots = 4
set_convoys = 10
set_stability = 0.65

set_country_flag = country_language_german

set_technology = {
	## Infantry ##
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	infantry_weapons2 = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	infantry_rifle_upgrade = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	support_weapons2 = 1
	night_vision = 1
	body_armor = 1
	camouflage = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	paratroopers = 1
	
	## Support Companies ##
	tech_support = 1
	basic_train =1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	tech_logistics_company = 1
	tech_signal_company = 1
	
	## Armor ##
	main_battle_tank1 = 1
	main_battle_tank2 = 1
	main_battle_tank3 = 1
	light_tank1 = 1
	light_tank2 = 1
	mechanised_infantry1 = 1
	light_mechanized_infantry1 = 1
	
	## Artillery ##
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antitank = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	
	## Air ##
	CAS1 = 1
	CAS2 = 1
	fighter1 = 1
	fighter2 = 1
	fighter3 = 1
	naval_bomber1 = 1
	strategic_bomber1 = 1
	strategic_bomber2 = 1
	tactical_bomber1 = 1
	
	## Engineering ##
	electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
	radio = 1
	
	## Industry ##
	basic_machine_tools = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	fuel_refining = 1
	
	## Doctrines ##
	
}

add_ideas = {
	centralization_federal
	government_system_parliamentary_republic
	national_development_developed
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = fascist
	last_election = "1999.1.1"
	election_frequency = 60
	elections_allowed = no
}
add_ideas = {
	CHB_The_Blip
}
set_popularities = {
    fascist = 40
	nationalist = 15
	reactionary = 10
	conservative = 10
	social_liberal = 5
	market_liberal = 5
	communist = 10
	democratic_socialist = 5
}
recruit_character=BAV_nazi_thomson
recruit_character=BAV_dmitry_yazov
recruit_character = BAV_volker_wieker
recruit_character = BAV_wolfgang_schneiderhan
recruit_character = BAV_hanspeter_von_kirchbach
recruit_character = BAV_bruno_kasdorf
recruit_character = BAV_jörg_vollmer
recruit_character = BAV_martin_schelleis
recruit_character = BAV_richard_roßmanith
recruit_character = BAV_hanserich_antoni
recruit_character = BAV_joachim_wundrak
recruit_character = BAV_peter_bohrer
recruit_character = BAV_helmut_schütz
recruit_character = BAV_eberhard_zorn
recruit_character = BAV_ansgar_rieks
recruit_character = BAV_dieter_warnecke
recruit_character = BAV_josef_blotz
recruit_character = BAV_dieter_naskrent
recruit_character = BAV_karl_müllner
recruit_character = BAV_klaus_reinhardt
recruit_character = BAV_karlheinz_lather
recruit_character = BAV_joachim_spiering
recruit_character = BAV_rainer_schuwirth
recruit_character = BAV_dieter_stöckmann
recruit_character = BAV_hanslothar_domröse
recruit_character = BAV_werner_freers
recruit_character = BAV_egon_ramms
recruit_character = BAV_wolfdieter_langheld
recruit_character = BAV_ludwig_leinhos
recruit_character = BAV_hanswerner_wiermann
recruit_character = BAV_franz_xaver_pfrengle
recruit_character = BAV_stephan_thomas
recruit_character = BAV_walter_huhn
recruit_character = BAV_gert_gawellek
recruit_character = BAV_carsten_jahnel
recruit_character = BAV_volker_thomas
recruit_character = BAV_christof_munzlinger
recruit_character = BAV_bernd_schuett
recruit_character = BAV_jürgen_weigt
recruit_character = BAV_dirk_backen
recruit_character = BAV_andreas_marlow
recruit_character = BAV_jürgen_setzer
recruit_character = BAV_thorsten_poschwatta
recruit_character = BAV_udo_schnittker
recruit_character = BAV_alexander_sollfrank
recruit_character = BAV_dirk_faust
recruit_character = BAV_markus_laubenthal
recruit_character = BAV_ruprecht_von_butler
recruit_character = BAV_heico_hübner
recruit_character = BAV_frank_leidenberger
recruit_character = BAV_gert_hagemann
recruit_character = BAV_walter_spindler
recruit_character = BAV_manfred_hofmann
recruit_character = BAV_dag_baehr
recruit_character = BAV_carsten_jacobson
recruit_character = BAV_erich_pfeffer
recruit_character = BAV_erhard_bühler
recruit_character = BAV_gunter_schneider
recruit_character = BAV_jörg_see
recruit_character = BAV_markus_kneip
recruit_character = BAV_werner_albl
recruit_character = BAV_oliver_kohl
recruit_character = BAV_kai_rohrschneider
recruit_character = BAV_wilhelm_grün
recruit_character = BAV_manfred_nielson
recruit_character = BAV_rainer_feist
recruit_character = BAV_axel_meissel
recruit_character = BAV_henrik_riechert
recruit_character = BAV_axel_schimpf
recruit_character = BAV_andreas_krause
recruit_character = BAV_joachim_rühle
recruit_character = BAV_rainer_brinkmann
recruit_character = BAV_carsten_stawitzki
recruit_character = BAV_thomas_jugel
recruit_character = BAV_jan_christian_kaack
recruit_character = BAV_christoph_müllermeinhard
recruit_character = BAV_jean_martens
recruit_character = BAV_axel_deertz
recruit_character = BAV_jens_nemeyer
recruit_character = BAV_kayachim_schönbach
recruit_character = BAV_rainer_endres